# voice-bot-app-task5
This task for voice bot application in Flutter.  Packages: I have used four packages which are Speech To Text (STT), Text To Speech (TTS), IBM Watson Assistant Chatbot and Rive. 1- STT: This package convert speech to text. 2- TTS: This package convert text to speech. 3- IBM Watson Assistant Chatbot: This package gets the text from STT. Then, sending it to IBM Watson Assistant Chatbot. After that, getting the result from chatbot as text. 4- Rive: This package for animation of robot. Files: There are three files as dart extension in the lib folder which are animation, Chatbot and main. 1- animation: This file to determine the duration of animation by adding a list of answers from chatbot and a list of duration for every answer. Then, it is return the duration as integer. 2- Chatbot: This file is containing the function to get the answer from chatbot as text. 3- main: This file it is containing the run application. Also, there is file in asset folder that contains face_robot_v1.riv as Rive extension to do the animation. Chatbot dialog: The dialog of chatbot has 8 intents as follow: 1- Welcome: it shows welcome when someone open it. 2- Greeting: when a person send greeting like hello, good morning, etc. 3- Services: it provides services of chatbot when a person writes “what are services?” or similar question. Also, it has 3 entities. 4- Building website: it provides how I have built the website when person writes “can you tell me how you build the website?”. 5- Time of tournament: it provides the time of tournament when a person writes “When will the tournament begin?”. 6- Cost of tournament: it provides the cost of tournament when a person writes “Is there any fee for the tournament?”. 7- Thanks, it provides the pleasure when a person writes “Thanks”, “Thank you”, etc. 8- Anything else: if the chatbot cannot recognize what a person writes. 9- feedback: it gets the feedback from person when he writes “good” or “bad”. 10- evaluation: It provide the evaluation for place when the person writes “I would like to evaluate this place.” or “evaluation” . 11- The robot: When the person writes “are you a bot” or “Are you human”. 12- jokes: when the person writes “tell me a joke.”. 13- technique: it provides a basic technique to win against an opponent in the fighting balloon robots when the person write “Give me a technique”.     Application: The application is about a voice bot that run the function “_listen()” by a duration of 5 seconds without a button. Note: I have built the application in android studio, so I recommend running in android studio. Note: to run the application, you should open folder chatbot and run the application.
